As a co-founder of an asset management startup, I led the team
to build our B2C and B2B products from 0 to 1. These products
help customers manage assets more effectively and focus more on
improving their business performance.
As an experienced web full-stack engineer and technical leader.
I built several production services in PHP, Python, JavaScript,
and Ruby. In the meantime, I am experienced in GCP, Azure, and
Kubernetes. In order to ensure product quality, I established the
process of CI/CD, deployment, and alerting of our products.
As a tech speaker, I engage in several conferences such as Coscup,
Mopcon, and Agile Sumit. Otherwise, I helped organizations such as
AppWorks School, Hiskio, and NTC.im to mentor junior engineers to
grow
Tech stacks:
Languages: PHP, Ruby, Python, Node.JS, JavaScript, C#
Framework: Rails, Laravel, Codeigniter, Flask, Vue, Angular, React
Database: MySql, MariaDB, Redis
Cloud Providers: GCP, Azure ( VM + Storage + SQL Server, Monitor,
Load balancer, Auto-Scaling, Logging)
CI/CD Tools: Circle CI, Drone CI, Jenkins, Github Action
Infrastructure Applications: Docker, Kubernetes, Nginx, Apache,
CertBot, Supervisor, Sidekiq
Facebook fan page( Mandarin ): https://www.facebook.com/
johnliu.software.thinking
Medium ( Mandarin ): https://medium.com/johnliu-%E7%9A
%84%E8%BB%9F%E9%AB%94%E5%B7%A5%E7%A8%8B
%E6%80%9D%E7%B6%AD
經歷
Page 1 of 6
Netskope
4 年 1 個月
Engineering Manager
2024 年 9 月 - Present (1 年 6 個月)
Taiwan
- Led Web UI for the Steering, Enterprise Browser, SWG, RBI, IPS, and Data
Lineage products. Coordinated engineering resources across Taiwan, US, and
India, delivering over 55 projects on schedule with quality. Project values:
* Spearheaded the transition from Monolithic to Micro-frontend architecture to
boost development velocity and efficiency.
* Maximized Netskope’s footprint on client endpoints by expanding device
compatibility and steering capabilities.
* Enabled fine-grained security policy controls, allowing customers to configure
precise device classification and traffic steering rules with minimal friction.
- Managed the recruitment strategy for the Taiwan UI team. Improved interview
efficiency to recruit 12 engineers within a year. Established a mentorship
system and optimized the onboarding process to enhance training efficiency.
- Directed UI development for new Enterprise Browser and Data Lineage
products, contributing to development, technical guidance, and allocating
resources. Built UI teams for the new AI Gateway and AI Red Team products
and help technical direction.
- Defined and standardized Web UI processes, including unified interview
criteria, design doc specifications, new architecture deployment standards, and
Hotfix release procedures.
- Fostered an engineering culture in Taiwan by hosting bi-weekly technical
sharing sessions (accumulating 17+ Tech Talks) and assisted with the Taiwan
internship program.
- Co-organized the 2024/25 Global Hackathons and led the 2025 Taiwan
event, achieving a 60% increase in local registration with over 90%
participation from my organization. Successfully piloted the first offline
Hackathon in 2025, bringing together over 100 local colleagues.
- Personally participated in Global Hackathons beyond organizing: 2023/2024
Finalist, 2025 as the solo winner in "Customer Champion" category
Page 2 of 6
Senior Full Stack Engineer
2024 年 4 月 - 2024 年 8 月 (5 個月)
Taipei City, Taiwan
- Led team to complete department-level projects, including the RBAC system,
establishing unit testing infrastructure, automating integration testing, and
upgrading PHP version (from 7.4 to 8.1).
- Assisted in company's innovation initiatives, which included organizing
a team (consisting of Taiwanese & Indian), participating in the company's
internal hackathon to propose a solution for the current feature flag
architecture issues (ranked 6th of 42 global projects, and 1st of Taiwanese
projects), and evaluating the introduction of Github Copilot and SonarQube
through PoC.
- Responsible for the establishment and optimization of the test environment
for QA, assisting QA in reducing the time required to set up the test
environment to be usable from 3 days to 2 hours.
- Led team to improve software quality as SME, including raising automated
test coverage from 35% to 90% and reducing the number of bugs by 70%.
- Represented the Web department in Contract testing projects which is
a company level project. Led the construction of infrastructure and CICD
processes, and led each sub-component team to develop contract cases,
completing more than 17 services and 400 API contracts.
- Assisted the company in developing a new product on client side, and
completed the estimated workload of 1 Sr + 1 Staff level engineer 1 month
ahead of schedule with 1 contractor partner
Full Stack Engineer
2022 年 2 月 - 2024 年 3 月 (2 年 2 個月)
Taiwan
Aiworks
3 年 1 個月
Consulting Instructor
2023 年 8 月 - 2025 年 3 月 (1 年 8 個月)
- Coach three junior instructors to execute and plan the campus project
Page 3 of 6
- Design and deliver the course: 'Introduction to Software for Non-Engineers,'
helping professionals in Product design, Marketing, HR, and other fields
understand software development."
Backend Instructor
2022 年 3 月 - 2023 年 9 月 (1 年 7 個月)
Taipei
- Responsible for the campus project: Tutoring computer science related
undergraduate and graduate students to learn full-stack web technology with
three teachers
- Plan and conduct Agile, Code Review, Unit Testing, and QA workshop.
- Plan and conduct trainee 1-on-1 coaching activity
Bili Digital
Co-founder & Chief Technical Officer
2019 年 7 月 - 2021 年 12 月 (2 年 6 個月)
Taipei
- Developed and managed a property management product to address the
accounting management challenges of the rental property industry. It boasts
over 200 system-purchasing users.
- Developed an App product's API Server and web scraping tools to help
property owners manage tenants. It has over 10,000 users.
- Managed complete software DevOps through Google Cloud Platform
achieving up to 50 iterations daily, pre-deployment within 10 minutes, service
recovery in under 3 minutes, and an error rate below 1%.
- Led a software team of 10+ people, including PMs, Mobile Developers, Full-
stack Web developers, and QA.
- Set up project management communication channels and working
environments, including Slack, Asana, Jira, and Line for different
communication needs.
- Emphasized team management and development, conducting 1-1 meetings,
technical roadmap meetings, OKR, and PIP.
- Engaged in weekly company strategy meetings to guarantee the technical
side supports business needs and the company's direction
Asia money fintech company
Full Stack Engineer
2018 年 7 月 - 2019 年 6 月 (1 年)
- Responsible for pponline development and maintenance, including intelligent
mediation mechanism, report system, Excel management service, I18n,
cascading bank & invoice API, frontend page development and UX design.
Page 4 of 6
- Responsible for renticredit frontend development, maintenance, project
management, and support backend development according to the project
schedule.
- Manage company internal CRM system and Philipines virtual account
payment collaboration project.
- Lead and manage outsourcing team ( 5 members including C#, Javascript
developer and UI designer )
- Plan email, SMS, robot phone marketing, Google Analytics operation
procedure, and marketing strategy
- Develop crawler programs for data capturing and data analysis.
Deila
Full Stack Engineer
2017 年 4 月 - 2018 年 3 月 (1 年)
- As a Scrum Master and Developer Lead in an Agile development, build the
technical team culture and Lead development team ( 5 members )
- Manage the project development progress and communicate with
Requirement team, enhance version update speed from once a month to once
two weeks.
- Optimize development process and website structure, enhance urgent task
update speed twice.
- Develop website function and commercial API, detect and fix potential bugs.
- Manage Azure cloud server environment and Version control ( Git on Visual
Studio Team Service ).
- Manage and Lead team members, host personal meeting, and team meeting.
- As a technical representative, responsible work with Microsoft and other
related partners.
- Recruit and interview developer, build and run training program.
Manila Economic and Cultural Office - Commercial Affairs Section
IT Specialist
2015 年 10 月 - 2017 年 3 月 (1 年 6 個月)
- Maintain the old website (Asp.net with C#) and new website(PHP)
independently.
- Be responsible for new website rebuilding project with outsourcing company
for 6 months
- Fix hardware issues and interview 3 IT candidates
Page 5 of 6
學歷
National Chen Chi University
Bachelor's degree, Management of Information System
University of Colorado Boulder
Master's degree, Engineering Management




Netskope-工程經理 
2024 年 9 月 - 現職
主導 Steering、Enterprise Browser、SWG、RBI、IPS 和 Data Lineage 產品的 Web UI 開發，管理 10+ 人，跨台灣、美國和印度團隊。
Netskope-資深全端工程師 
2024 年 4 月 - 2024 年 8 月
主導 Steering, Enterprise Browser 開發工作，作為 3 人團隊的技術領導者
Netskope-全端工程師
2022 年 2 月 - 2024 年 3 月


彼利數位 (en: Bili Digital) - 共同創辦人暨技術長
2019 年 7 月 - 2021 年 12 月
帶領 10+ 人團隊，2B 端服務台灣最大包租代管企業，開發內部核心系統 ; 2C 端經營面向一般房東的資產管理系統

亞太普惠金融 (en: Asia Money Fintech Company) - 全端工程師
2018 年 7 月 - 2019 年 7 月 
負責金融網路產品開發以及外包團隊溝通協調工作

德翼拉 (en: Deila) - 主工程師
2018 年 7 月 - 2019 年 7 月 
帶領 5 人團隊，負責旅遊平台產品開發工作





